today everybody today I bring you this
2013 Mitsubishi Mirage GLS this can be a
full in-depth tour of the garage and so
without further ado let it run this
vehicle comes with a smart key access
system just leave a key fob in your
pocket press the bottom to lock and
unlock one beep indicate lock until we
indicate unlock the back of this vehicle
also comes with a button to lock in and
lock the vehicle let's hop in this
vehicle comes with a push the bottom
start all you have to do is just leave
the key in your pocket put your foot on
the brake push the bottom to start
very nice it has only 104 kilometers on
it a seven inch LCD screen comes with a
hands-free Bluetooth and a navigation
Rachele CD player handbrake CVT
automatic transmission three-spoke
leather wrap steering wheel alright
let's turn on the headlights fog lights
and the Hazzard automatic driver side
windows and let's check out the rest of
the vehicle shall we and listen closely
when I shut the door you can hear the
car beating to signal that the proximity
key is not inside a car this is the key
I left inside and the beeping stops
this car has a four-speaker located at
each door this Vega
now exterior color is
carcinomas Happy Valley in eternity
lights 15-inch alloy wheels
your headlights
our lights
the Mitsubishi Mirage signature front
grille
side mirror
you
the lights
the third light LED break and let's see
how she sounds
let's go inside a car here we have fully
automatic air conditioner and climate
control let's open the LCD screen here
we have the radio am/fm
let's try the Bluetooth and see how the
studio works leggo
let's turn on the navigation system GPS
here we have our location